Why did you beat the horse with that waiter?
It's not that he was kidnapped
Qin Changan saved him
He is ungrateful and blames others
And find someone to plot against me
You bloody official
It was obviously you who beat Qin Changan
I dare to fight
If you don't give me an explanation today
I asked the old man to hold a family meeting
Drive you out of the territory
Why don't you hurry up and hand over that floating life to me?
I'm telling the truth.
Why do you believe what he says?
You don't listen to what I say
Why do you say
Our Wan'er thinks of the Lin family everywhere
What about you?
What did you do when the Lin family needed you?
You don't deserve to be a member of the Lin family
That is.
Let you marry Sun Shao and save the Lin family, you don't even recognize it
What else have you done to the Lin family?
Go away by yourself
Lin Jinhan
This is your daughter.
Make a statement
Well, I'll give you another chance.
Do you want to hand over that goddess?
If not, don't blame me for not recognizing you as a daughter
I said it was right.
Then get out of here
Who dares to let him go